yesterday I asked you to let me fix your
avatars and profile pics which I did
using today's sponsor the LG gram and to
show how powerful it is
I live streamed both the photo shopping
and video editing process all from the
gram so let's get started and fix your
Sponge Bob BTS and default pic avatars
the first one says I was a mistake a
little harsh but let's see what we got
okay all right here's what we're gonna
do first we're gonna turn that frown
upside down because we're gonna make you
more confident next let's give you the
DreamWorks face for ultimate smugness
now what's cooler than a Minecraft hat
that's right nothing so you're getting a
Minecraft hat baby now let's get you out
of the house and into the club and your
profile pic is now a blurry selfie dude
I feel threatened by that profile pic
which means I think we fixed it
next haven't changed this picture for
eight years eight years huh time for a
tuna there's so much that could be
happening on the left side of the frame
I have a terrible idea first I need a
shot of me with an empty dog leash out
in front as if my dog just escaped I
record a few takes of that just in case
then picked one frame and went to work
next I needed a shot of Klondike walking
toward camera because once you add a
little motion blur it really looks like
a shot from a planet Earth documentary
you're looking at the last few seconds
of my dog's life neato
me me unfixable boy okay I'll be the
judge of that
Thanks oh I love birds with arms it's
its own sub genre in fact I think
there's even a subreddit for it but if
your goose has human arms shouldn't it
have human legs too so let's give us
some legs to stand on and if these legs
look familiar
that's because they're my legs now
something else caught my attention geese
are super hot right now because of
untitled goose game so let's capitalize
on this hot topic and put the sign from
the game in the background but of course
now I need to change the shape of the
silhouette into our more leggy figure
your profile pic is now a meme with a
limited shelf life use wisely all right
let's take a look at this pic uh-oh its
BTS I need to tread lightly here because
BTS armies are notorious for cancelling
noted celebrities like myself at the
drop of a hat I mean this is a fine
picture but you did ask me to fix it so
fixed it I will I'm going to beautify
the boys faces a little bit and make
them look extra pretty I don't want to
change this pic too much though so you
might not even notice the difference
it's super subtle only professionals can
really tell and there you go please
enjoy your new and improved BTS avatar
please don't kill me Benji the furry
says have a go with mine no I got a lot
of furry requests today but I can really
only do one so Benji you're up kid now
this is great artwork lots of detail
love the colors one thing I would do
though is create a little drop shadow
right behind you just to separate your
persona from the background more you
know really make you pop next I put you
behind bars where all furries belong
then I throw you an Alcatraz so you
can't escape and then I would put
Alcatraz on the moon then I would nuke
the moon I kid because I know you can
take it now go to jail can you replace
Homer Simpson's face with mine thanks in
advance I will do my best so here's your
home or avatar and you were kind enough
to supply a picture of your face so we
have to put your face inside homers
shape this was surprisingly hard for me
it sounds easy at first but there was a
ton of experimental stretching of the
facial features to make everything fit
overall I ended up with three horrific
images but I think this one is the best
Homer I'm not terribly proud of it but
I'm certainly not redoing it either Luca
Luca you're a big old hot dog boy Luca
look at everyone he's got an iPhone 11
so what if instead of a hot dog boy
holding an iPhone we did an iPhone
holding a hot dog boy
abso-freakin'-lutely we have reached
peak stupid this was a
lot of fun to do but once I got there I
thought well shouldn't he be holding a
mini hot dog boy now so of course I did
that and now our terrible experiment is
complete an iphone holding a hot dog boy
pulling a little hot dog boy we can all
die now oh no you don't have one you
have that default boring one that's just
the first letter of your username how
droll is okay I'm a genius so let's give
your Oh a little face you know like an O
face jacksFilms is a family-friendly
show I don't think you have to fix my
tooth all right well let's just see it
if you're so cocky okay first off I
already love this pig I'm a huge fan of
this if anything I want more of it so
we're going to turn your face into an
emoji and we're gonna do that by
flipping and reversing your Chin's then
we're just gonna kind of blend it all in
roughly oh cool now you look like a
little celestial orb fixed your face
help I look big sad Oh No why are you
upset e let's give you something to be
happy about first we'll give you a very
natural smile mmm-hmm
then we'll make your eyes round and huge
because they're just so darn happy
you're about to see cats the movie in a
theater near you and you're so excited
for that digital Furtick Knology boom
fixed your attitude all right a new
challenger approaches what have you
wrought ah Patrick Patrick is such a
relatable character because he
exemplifies our own faults we don't
laugh at him but rather with him because
he mirrors our flaws his failures aren't
merely for the sake of portraying him as
a fool rather he reminds us that to err
is human in
part of life so I gave them to place um
here's the time-lapse in case you feel
cheated okay bye-bye I need something
better than a movie frame
ah I see detective Pikachu well the
obvious answer is tape Ryan Reynolds
face and put it on Pikachu right so
we'll just do that this was really
annoying for some reason I took way too
long on the nose but overall I have to
say that no I hate it really hate this
one it looks like The Annoying Orange
this is my Mulligan all right they can't
all be winners fixed my cat or something
oh I'll fix it all right I'm gonna fix
it right out of the picture no offense I
don't like cats they're not friendly
they lurk they don't a moat delito even
the worst dog is better than the best
cat which is exactly why I'm replacing
it with Sunday give her a little shadow
oh so nice I fixed your cat on hardmode
dude and finally the hardest one another
default pick just the letter K the only
thing I would do for this one is uh give
it a period so now it looks like a
passive-aggressive text from your
girlfriend who's mad at you but you
don't know why she's mad so you ask her
and she says it's fine she's not fine so
this is my home base this is where I
edit most of my videos but I've done a
lot of traveling this year and this
isn't exactly portable and oops
I still have videos to work on and
thumbnails to make and when I'm working
Moberly I don't want something like
Photoshop light or adobe premiere light
I want the big boy versions I need to
edit 4k footage at 60 frames per second
I need a powerful machine enter the LG
gram which has saved my butt a number of
times this year for example a few months
ago we had a fly out to the East Coast
but I still had a sponsored video to
finish so I transferred my whole project
from my home base to my gram and it
handled it like a champ renders video
very quickly earlier this year
Aaron needed our office to make a phone
call so I went to our bedroom
and streamed on Twitch to play jackbox
with my viewers all from the gram all
from our bed no second display needed
sometimes I want to work outside can get
a little cooped up in the office you
know I mean Oh
LG's doing a giveaway yeah three winners
get a 17-inch lg Graham what this is and
fifty winners get a $10 Amazon gift card
here's how to enter follow LG tekkit on
instagram and then comment on my video
on the LG Tekkit account and let us know
why you want to upgrade to the LG Graham
over your current frustrating laptop you
can also post to your personal Instagram
and share why you want to make the
switch whatever method you choose be
sure to tag LG Tekkit and jacksFilms and
use the hashtag LG grande and get Granby
free you'll increase your chances to win
an LG gram if you both post and comment
it starts today October 31st and ends
November 13th winners will be announced
on November 20th click the link in the
description below for more info on the
LG gram oh I have a question for you I'm
out of the I questions what should I ask
next it's hard man leave your answers
[Music]
please subscribe if you want me to fix
your avatar also click right here see
the previous I up sewed um here's a clip
caused by
for that burger I hate my wife pasta for